
# FAQ 

## What is the problem with the following code and what is the correct way ? 

````
    if @contract.save!
      redirect_to some_path, notice: t(".success")
    else
      render :new
    end
````

### Answer 

Problem is "save!" so if we remove the "!" solves the problem.


if @contract.save
      redirect_to some_path, notice: t(".success")
    else
      render :new
    end


---------------------------

## What are the differences between Serial ID and UUID ? 

### Answer 

There are several ways to define IDs in databases. Traditional way is using id as integer. While there are other ways too which can be used ad every these type have their own pros and cons. UUID stands for Universal Unique Identifier, uuid are 16-byte / 32-hexadecimal digit (with 4 -s for separation) identifiers generated by an algorithm that make it unique in the known universe using the same algorithm

---------------------------

## What are the advantages/disadvantages of the querying methods find(), find_by(), where() ? 

### Answer 

The find method retrieves an object that matches the specified primary key.You can also use find to query for multiple objects by passing in multiple key arguments or an array of primary keys.

Ex:
User.find(4)

he find_by method returns the first record that matches a given condition. 

Ex:
User.find_by(name: 'Harry')

where is a finder method that returns a collection of Active Record objects represented as an ActiveRecord::Relation.Using where allows you to specify conditions that will filter the records returned. The conditions can be in the form of a string, array, or hash. If no record is found, returns nil.

Ex:
Entry.where("user_id = '1'")



----------------------------

## When should you use find_by() and exists?() ? 

### Answer 

Find_by when we want to find something by attributes other than the ID. If no record is found, returns nil.
Exists Returns true if a record exists in the table that matches the id or conditions given, or false otherwise. 

----------------------------

## List other querying methods and describe them:

- Find()
 # find by id
  Person.find(1)       # returns the object for ID = 1
  
   # find first
  Person.find(:first) # returns the first object fetched by SELECT * FROM people
  
  # find last
  Person.find(:last) # returns the last object fetched by SELECT * FROM people
  
  # find all
  Person.find(:all) # returns an array of objects for all the rows fetched by SELECT * FROM people

- Find_by()

User.find_by(first_name: "John")

- Where()

people = Person.where(first_name: 'Hermione')
people.to_sql # "SELECT * FROM people WHERE first_name='Hermione'"
